I'm sick never wit is I just I'm still
going to Mike bus they build when I
write and still been attending a major
deal not in sight side I never lost
fight I never soften anything as far
from right I'll never cause cause the
commotion the party was bawling like a
jail bird singing these balls got
roaches emotions I so rarely if not
gonna dorsum ain't me you love me
hip-hop son's involved and be tracking
the bangor like a rapping with anger or
now event this abba mansion and your
anstrom call the dead a joke watch him
to the ER it looks like they letting go
pedicels I stand on reckoning and random
the worldwide you'll be singing with the
anthem that's him heavily weighted I
guess uh it was nice meeting you my
pleasure sits on so just download a gr8
fish the next rounds on ginger trochus
the dopest and secret oak is this hope
it's on so just download a gr8 miss the
next rounds on the throat is gonna do MC
smoke is this opus show heads ringing
from I know these are old way to die and
hey it's still played in my city in my
city watch cut his heart open you find
her brother than 6,000 busy now that new
artist the turbulence productions
discuss it amongst it come up with any
which way to say mr. aged rum shit we
all on the same boat going into wretches
let me sit make it clear so you know in
my attentions cool enough I pull your
foolish fuck and I do know one thing
items will good night I sit in the lab
my gift is my dad is crazy without date
with a pen in the pad a fashion of her
that us but they called my culture I
mean it and so she pussy Weaver blah
blah each bargain sauce every stands
cancer at age aids and I'm the sickest
rap or sits on some just down road a gr8
miss the next rounds on ginger throat
mr. Dorcas and deep stroke is this open
and don't know this shit song so just
download a gr8 fish the next rounds on
ginger brokers gonna dump this and steep
slope is this opus will show head many
don't know all the rest I'm sick on the
east I know people rely my fever like
adrees is killed where's the thermometer
arrows phenomenal I got a cocoa revision
of her glamorous I'm so locked in an
independent dashing all-time high while
the industry is crashing myspace rappers
were more abusing place online for more
on what happens when you awake facebook
and friends to bring Twitter and
birthing you should consider except from
work plan I ain't boasting a brag and
I'm emotion in action I do what I with
devotion
take it home